With antsibull-changelog >= 0.14.0 and the sidecar docs feature, test and filter plugins are detected if they have version_added (#77871)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_development_process.rst

* Every bugfix PR must have a changelog fragment. The only exception are fixes to a change that has not yet been included in a release.
* Every feature PR must have a changelog fragment.

> * New modules and plugins (including jinja2 filter and test plugins) must have ``versions_added`` set correctly in their documenation, and do not need a changelog fragment. The tooling detects new modules and plugins by their ``versions_added`` value and announces them in the next release's changelog automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New modules and plugins (including jinja2 filter and test plugins) must have ``version_added`` entries set correctly in their documentation, and do not need a changelog fragment. The tooling detects new modules and plugins by their ``version_added`` values and announces them in the next release's changelog automatically.
```
